I didn&rsquo;t think the first post I wrote for Euphonos would be about &ldquo;I Get Wet&rdquo;. But I hit shuffle in my iTunes library a few times searching for inspiration, and the <span class="soundcite" data-start="1" data-end="" data-url="/assets/audio/i-get-wet_brass.mp3">massive synth brass</span> overwhelmed me, just like it always does. 

Andrew W.K. exemplified party rock before LMFAO destroyed the concept, emerging out of nowhere in 2001 with *I Get Wet*, an opus of mainstream, overproduced rock music. Invariably, the songs are about partying and excess, but W.K.&rsquo;s charm comes from his ability to completely own his character. Even in 2014, he has not wavered one bit from *I Get Wet*&rsquo;s stance; he has simply expanded the brand. He even writes [advice columns](http://blogs.villagevoice.com/music/ask_andrew_wk), often times [beautifully](http://blogs.villagevoice.com/music/2014/07/ask_andrew_wk_my_boyfriend_treats_me_badly.php), for Village Voice.

W.K.&rsquo;s relative success as, of all things, a motivational speaker and columnist, all stem from the unlikely success of *I Get Wet*. And its title track, &ldquo;I Get Wet&rdquo;, is the most undeniable of the album&rsquo;s songs, the fullest realization of his vision. While songs like &ldquo;Party Till You Puke&rdquo;, &ldquo;Party Hard&rdquo; and &ldquo;Fun Night&rdquo; (getting the point?) make the point too bluntly, &ldquo;I Get Wet&rdquo; executes with something approaching subtlety. Lyrically, the song is nonsensical and at times, slightly violent, but the gleeful drive of the song melodically is the embodiment of W.K.&rsquo;s mantra.

The moment to remember here is at the very end. For most of *I Get Wet*, W.K. screams his lyrics in a compressed rasp, and &ldquo;I Get Wet&rdquo; is no exception. But near the end of the song, <span class="soundcite" data-start="0" data-end="11000" data-url="/assets/audio/i-get-wet_vocals.mp3">A Wild Female Vocalist Appears!</span> After a whole song, nay, an album of ferocious chest-beating and masculine sensory overload, the melody is perfect. It soars, and it will force itself into your skull for weeks.

<style>.embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }</style><div class='embed-container'><iframe src='http://www.youtube.com/embed/0TjZKKlSZJY' frameborder='0' allowfullscreen></iframe></div>